1、 问题:Which of the following statements is correct when you organize your presentation?  
选项：  
A:Try to use long sentences as much as you can.  
B:Focus on three or four main ideas.  
C:Use the data that is related to the topic to a little degree.  
D:Select more than six main ideas.  
答案: 【Focus on three or four main ideas.】  

2、 问题:Which of the following statements about spoken English and written English is correct?  
选项：  
A:Speaking and writing have little in common because they are different forms of communication.  
B:Spoken English is relationally-oriented and authoritative.  
C:Written English is action-oriented and personal.  
D:Spoken transitions are usually longer than written transitions.  
答案: 【Spoken transitions are usually longer than written transitions.】

3、 问题:How to make a good presentation?  
选项：  
A:Make sure the body of your presentation only consists of the strongest examples and supporting data necessary to prove your central argument.  
B:Speak in a proper speed.  
C:If you are giving a long presentation, keep the audience’s attention by changing the pace at regular intervals.  
D:All of the above.  
答案: 【All of the above.】

4、 问题:Which of the following statements is correct when you deliver a presentation?  
选项：  
A:Hunch up and shuffle your feet.  
B:When you speak to a key point, you should make a pause.  
C:Speak in a monotone.  
D:Always look at your notes.  
答案: 【When you speak to a key point, you should make a pause.】

5、 问题:What strategy helps get your audience involved in your presentation?  
选项：  
A:Use anecdotes or interesting examples.  
B:Ask them some questions.  
C:Always make eye contact with them.  
D:All of the above.  
答案: 【All of the above.】

6、 问题:Which of the following statements about giving a presentation is incorrect?  
选项：  
A:Speaking needs repetition to impress the audience sometimes.  
B:Transitional words should be obvious in speaking.  
C:Long sentences and complicated words should be involved in speaking.  
D:The opening is important because it sets the tone of the talk.  
答案: 【Long sentences and complicated words should be involved in speaking.】

7、 问题:What is needed in delivering a presentation?  
选项：  
A:Keep your presentation within the time limit.  
B:Speak quickly without noticing the reactions of your audience.  
C:Always keep your hands on the podium or in your pocket.  
D:Try to give your presentation in an exaggerated manner.  
答案: 【Keep your presentation within the time limit.】

8、 问题:What function does transition serve in the presentation?  
选项：  
A:Arouse listeners’ interest in the presentation  
B:Help listeners follow the speaker.   
C:Ease the atmosphere and make closer relationship to each other.  
D:Summarize and emphasize the key points.  
答案: 【Help listeners follow the speaker.  】

9、 问题:When you deliver a speech, you should make your sound in control and **_\__**\_.  
选项：  
A:speak quickly  
B:speak clearly and firmly  
C:raise the pitch of your voice  
D:talk in a monotone the whole time  
答案: 【speak clearly and firmly】

10、 问题:Which one is not one of the reasons that experiences speakers use silence?  
选项：  
A:To emphasize important points  
B:To show the confident of the speaker.  
C:To lengthen the presentation to the allotted time.  
D:To tells the audience that something important is coming  
答案: 【To lengthen the presentation to the allotted time.】

11、 问题:What might be a proper gesture when you give a presentation?  
选项：  
A:Hunch up and shuffle your feet.  
B:Keep your hands on the podium or in your pockets.  
C:Stand in one place and hide behind the podium.  
D:Walk from side to side and look at different parts of the audience.  
答案: 【Walk from side to side and look at different parts of the audience.】

12、 问题:What is the characteristic of written English compared with spoken English?  
选项：  
A:Lexically dense.  
B:Grammatically intricate.  
C:Action-oriented.  
D:All of the above.  
答案: 【Lexically dense.】

13、 问题:What is necessary when you prepare a presentation?  
选项：  
A:Think about the purpose of your presentation.  
B:Think about the number of people who will attend your speech.  
C:Think about your dress.  
D:Think about the time limit of the speech.  
答案: 【Think about the purpose of your presentation.;  
Think about the number of people who will attend your speech.;  
Think about your dress.;  
Think about the time limit of the speech.】

14、 问题:Which of the following statements should you keep in mind when you give a presentation?   
选项：  
A:Focus on what the audience wants to know.  
B:Smile to the audience.  
C:Make contact with your audience.  
D:Try whatever to force the audience to agree with you.  
答案: 【Focus on what the audience wants to know.;  
Smile to the audience.;  
Make contact with your audience.】

15、 问题:Which of the following statements is correct when making a presentation?  
选项：  
A:It’s not important to attract the audience’s attention at the beginning.  
B:It’s essential to give a pause before saying something important.  
C:You’d better answer questions from the audience after conclusion.  
D:You don’t have to make eye contact with your audience, just speak by yourself.  
答案: 【It’s essential to give a pause before saying something important.;  
You’d better answer questions from the audience after conclusion.】

1、 问题:What kind of opening of speech is effective?  
选项：  
A:humorous  
B:direct  
C:rhetorical  
D:all of the above  
答案: 【all of the above】

2、 问题:What is the effective strategy to start a presentation?  
选项：  
A:To refer to the previous speaker or the situation.  
B:To ask one or two questions.  
C:To use a shocking statement or use humor and anecdotes.  
D:All of the above.  
答案: 【All of the above.】

3、 问题:What should you do if you want to refer to the previous speaker at the beginning of the presentation?  
选项：  
A:The speaker’s wit.  
B:The speaker’s reputation.  
C:The speaker’s style.  
D:All of the above.  
答案: 【All of the above.】

4、 问题:What should NOT be included in the opening remarks?  
选项：  
A:Extending greeting.  
B:Brief self- introduction.  
C:Emphasizing the key points.  
D:Outlining the main points.  
答案: 【Emphasizing the key points.】

5、 问题:What is missed in the following opening remarks?       “Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for coming to this presentation this afternoon. I’ve invited you here today to have a look at my findings. First, I’d like to show you the performance of the company, the sales of the company over the last three years; then let’s have a look at our market share in the women swear market and discuss our competitors; and thirdly, I’d like to suggest some improvements in our range of women swear. At the end I’d be happy to answer any of your questions.”  
选项：  
A:Greeting.  
B:Outline.  
C:Name and position of the speaker.  
D:Topic.  
答案: 【Name and position of the speaker.】

6、 问题:What is needed to do during the preparation of the main body of presentation EXCEPT**_\__**?  
选项：  
A:To make a conclusion or recommendation.  
B:To determine the key points you want to cover.  
C:To organize or sequence these points.  
D:To use transitions to move from one point to another.  
答案: 【To make a conclusion or recommendation.】

7、 问题:Which of the following organizations helps persuade the audience to take your suggestion?  
选项：  
A:Problem-solution organization.  
B:Chronological organization.  
C:Cause-effect organization.  
D:Less important to most critical.  
答案: 【Problem-solution organization.】

8、 问题:If you want to analyze a series of events, which of the following organizations is the best one?  
选项：  
A:Problem-solution organization.  
B:Chronological organization.  
C:Cause-effect organization.  
D:Less important to most critical.  
答案: 【Chronological organization.】

9、 问题:What purpose should you try to achieve when you design the conclusion of a presentation?  
选项：  
A:Summarize or recap the main ideas.  
B:Capture the attention of the audience.  
C:Sequence the key points.  
D:Provide the information of the speaker.  
答案: 【Summarize or recap the main ideas.】

10、 问题:What might be a proper framework of a presentation?  
选项：  
A:Problem statement, introduction, proposed ideas, research findings and results, next steps of research, conclusion.  
B:Problem statement, proposed ideas, introduction, research findings and results, next steps of research, conclusion.  
C:Introduction, problem statement, proposed ideas, research findings and results, next steps of research, conclusion.  
D:Introduction, proposed ideas, problem statement, next steps of research, research findings and results, conclusion.  
答案: 【Introduction, problem statement, proposed ideas, research findings and results, next steps of research, conclusion.】

11、 问题:Which strategies can be used to end your presentation?  
选项：  
A:To make a conclusion or recommendation.  
B:To invite your audience to ask questions.  
C:To summarize what you have said.  
D:All of the above.  
答案: 【All of the above.】

12、 问题:How to overcome nervousness when you give a presentation?  
选项：  
A: Let the thought of failure creep into your mind.  
B:Practice and have self-confidence.  
C:Avoid eye contact with the audience.  
D:Read from scripts and feel safe.  
答案: 【Practice and have self-confidence.】

13、 问题:Which one is not a proper opening technique to capture the audience’s attention at the beginning of your presentation?  
选项：  
A:Criticizing the audience.  
B:Using a well-known quotation.  
C:Stating a little-known fact.  
D:Asking a question.  
答案: 【Criticizing the audience.】

14、 问题:What is your understanding of “making eye contact with your audience”?  
选项：  
A:Turn down all the lights so that only the slide screen is visible.  
B:Interact with the audience through eye-to-eye contact.  
C:With special attention to particular individuals.  
D:Read a script to the audience.  
答案: 【Interact with the audience through eye-to-eye contact.】

15、 问题:What is a good presentation manner?  
选项：  
A:Repeatedly use an expression such as “You know”.  
B:Move rapidly up and down the hall when speaking.  
C:Stand in an easy, natural position.  
D:Toy with a necklace or pin.  
答案: 【Stand in an easy, natural position.】

16、 问题:What is the 10-20-30 rule for slideshows from Guy Kawasaki of Apple?  
选项：  
A:Slideshows last no more than 10 minutes; should contain no more than 20 slides; and use a font size of no less than 30 point.  
B:Slideshows should use a font size of no less than 10 point; contain no more than 20 slides; and last no more than 30 minutes.  
C:Slideshows should contain no more than 10 slides; use a font size of no less than 20 point; and last no more than 30 minutes.  
D:Slideshows should contain no more than 10 slides; last no more than 20 minutes; and use a font size of no less than 30 point.  
答案: 【Slideshows should contain no more than 10 slides; last no more than 20 minutes; and use a font size of no less than 30 point.】

17、 问题:What should you not do when listen to the questions from the audience?  
选项：  
A:Fumble through your notes or visuals.  
B:Establish eye contact with the questioner.  
C:Listen to the entire question before responding.  
D:Listen carefully and get ready to answer them.  
答案: 【Fumble through your notes or visuals.】

18、 问题:If you don’t want any questions in and after your presentation, you can tell the audience by the following statement except that \_\_\_\_\_\_.  
选项：  
A:questions are to be submitted in writing  
B:questions are not allowed to ask  
C:questions will be answered privately  
D:questions can be asked later  
答案: 【questions are not allowed to ask】

19、 问题:If you have no idea about the question from your audience, you can \_\_\_\_\_\_.  
选项：  
A:admit your lack of knowledge and offer to do research and respond later  
B:ask other listeners to help in providing the necessary information  
C:offer to discuss the question during break time or at the end of your presentation  
D:do all of the above  
答案: 【do all of the above】

## 【作业】第三周 Three Minute Presentation (3MT)

1、 问题:Please give a presentation in just three minutes.Topic：Progress and problems in relation to your study / research  
评分规则: 【  Theme & Content•         Thought-provoking /Meaningful•         Creative mind/critical thinking•         Updated knowledge/cutting-edge technology  
 Language •         Pronunciation / Enunciation /Volume•         Vocabulary /Grammar/Agreement •         Fluency/Discourse management  
 Performing skills •         Organization/Integration of ideas•         Extent/relevance/coherence/cohesive device】

## 第四周 第四周测验

1、 问题:   
 （Qualification）Technology-enhanced language learning **_\__**\_ contribute to the development of learner autonomy, and lead students to move from dependency to independence.

选项：  
A:does  
B:did  
C:may  
D:must  
答案: 【may】

2、 问题:（Qualification）Viewed thus, technology-based educational interventions **_\__**\_\_\_\_\_\_ used to maximize opportunities for international students to exercise learner control and increase the effectiveness of their English learning.

选项：  
A:must be  
B:can be  
C:were  
D:are  
答案: 【can be】

3、 问题:（Qualification）Technology enhanced language learning (TELL) **_\__**\_\_\_ used to promote certain aspects of learner autonomy such as learning at one’s own pace, freedom to choose materials, and should not be taken as a one-method-suits-all approach.  
选项：  
A:may be  
B:must be  
C:were  
D:are  
答案: 【may be】

4、 问题:（Qualification）The slight difference may stem from the fact that although **_\__**\_\_\_\_\_ students in the three groups needed more authentic English learning materials to cultivate their English proficiency, many students in the third group were likely to have access to English writing resources via MOOC, which might help them to improve their academic English writing skills with the related framework of reference.

选项：  
A:A couple of  
B:a majority of  
C:a few  
D:few  
答案: 【a majority of】

5、 问题:（Qualification）Simply put, **_\__**\_\_\_\_\_\_ of international students appear to benefit from technology-enhanced English learning in a technology-rich but English communication-poor environment.  
选项：  
A: all  
B:none  
C:most  
D:a few  
答案: 【most】

6、 问题:（Qualification）**_\__****_\__** employed multimodal resources to construct their English discourse so as to strengthen their academic discourse power.  
选项：  
A:All of postgraduates  
B:Postgraduates  
C:None  
D:A number of postgraduates  
答案: 【A number of postgraduates】

7、 问题:（Qualification）**_\__****_\__**, this teaching mode gradually accomplishes the transformation from language knowledge learning to the cultivation of communicative ability for intercultural exchanges.  
选项：  
A:People believe  
B:I think  
C:In my opinion  
D:From the perspective of international students  
答案: 【From the perspective of international students】

8、 问题:（Qualification）**_\__****_\__**\_\_ that metaphor provides insights into the way people conceptualise abstract concepts, and sheds light on the process of formulating thoughts.

选项：  
A:It is certain  
B:It is almost certain  
C:it is unlikely  
D:It is impossible  
答案: 【It is almost certain】

9、 问题:（Qualification）**_\__****_\__**\_\_\_\_\_, the awareness of metaphorical expressions in different cultures may facilitate intercultural communication.

选项：  
A:Beyond any doubt  
B:It is impossible  
C:It is certain  
D:On the limited data available  
答案: 【On the limited data available】

10、 问题:（Qualification）Human thought processes are largely metaphorical, and the human conceptual system is structured and defined in a metaphorical way. **_\__****_\__**\_, metaphor is not only “a matter of words”, but also “a matter of thought”.  
选项：  
A:In my opinion  
B:No one argues  
C:I believe  
D:According to Lakoff   
答案: 【According to Lakoff  】

11、 问题:Hedges are used in scientific writing due to the following reasons except **_\__****_\__**.  
选项：  
A:authors tone down their statements in order to reduce the risk of opposition  
B:authors try to appear humble rather than arrogant or all-knowing  
C:hedges are considered as a strategy of being more precise in reporting results  
D:hedges are used as a strategy to present unproven claims with certainty  
答案: 【hedges are used as a strategy to present unproven claims with certainty】

12、 问题:Hedging means a rational and interpersonal strategy which can NOT be used to **_\__**\_\_\_\_.  
选项：  
A:build rapport or writer-reader relationship  
B:support the writer’s position  
C:say almost nothing  
D:guarantee a certain level of acceptability in a community  
答案: 【say almost nothing】

13、 问题:Academic writers **_\__**\_\_\_\_ wish to reduce the strength of claims simply because stronger statements would not be justified by the data or evidence presented.  
选项：  
A:can  
B:cannot  
C:may  
D:may not  
答案: 【may】

14、 问题:Hedging allows writers to anticipate possible opposition to claims by expressing statements with **_\__**\_\_\_\_\_\_to the views of colleagues.  
选项：  
A:precision  
B:caution  
C:diplomatic deference  
D:all of the above  
答案: 【all of the above】

15、 问题:Hedging is a protective device, showing humility, politeness and consideration but **_\__**\_\_\_\_\_\_.  
选项：  
A:position  
B:imposition  
C:stance  
D:standpoint  
答案: 【imposition】

16、 问题:Which of the following words cannot be put under the flag of modal adjectives **_\__**\_\_\_\_.  
选项：  
A:certain  
B:probable  
C:definite  
D:contrary  
答案: 【contrary】

17、 问题:Which of the following hedges cannot be used as a connective expression in claims **_\__**\_\_\_\_\_.  
选项：  
A:nonetheless  
B:however  
C:yet  
D:overall  
答案: 【overall】

18、 问题:Hedges can be considered as ways of being more precise in reporting results.  Hedging **_\__**\_\_\_\_\_\_ used to negotiate an accurate representation of the state of the knowledge under discussion.  
选项：  
A:must be  
B:may be  
C:may not be  
D:should not be  
答案: 【may be】

19、 问题:Hedges are NOT used to**_\__****_\__** propositional information given.  
选项：  
A:understand  
B:emphasize  
C:evaluate  
D:respond to  
答案: 【emphasize】

20、 问题:Hedging is an important means by which scientists **_\__****_\__** in research communities.  
选项：  
A:try to hide their professional persona  
B:show no intention for negotiation  
C:confirm their membership  
D:avoid any commitment to their arguments  
答案: 【confirm their membership】

## 第五周 第五周测验

1、 问题:Which one is a characteristic of an abstract?  
选项：  
A:concise  
B:informative  
C:complete  
D:All of the above  
答案: 【All of the above】

2、 问题:Which of the following statement about abstract is NOT true?  
选项：  
A:You should emphasize the different points in proportion to the emphasis they receive in the body of the document.  
B:You should avoid trade names, acronyms, abbreviations, or symbols if possible.  
C:You can refer in the abstract to information that is not in the document to give readers more information.  
D:You do not need to repeat or rephrase the title for an abstract will be read along with the title.  
答案: 【You can refer in the abstract to information that is not in the document to give readers more information.】

3、 问题:When do we need to write an abstract?  
选项：  
A:When you write a dissertation for a higher degree.  
B:When you submit a research paper for publication.  
C:When your report will be disseminated to an audience.  
D:All of the above.  
答案: 【All of the above.】

4、 问题:When you write an abstract, what points should you keep in mind?  
选项：  
A:Active voice cannot be used in an abstract.  
B:Main findings should not be included in an abstract.  
C:Make your abstract concise enough to stand on its own.  
D:Acronyms, abbreviations or symbols must be used in an abstract.  
答案: 【Make your abstract concise enough to stand on its own.】

5、 问题:What might be the possible components of an abstract in a proper order?  
选项：  
A:Methods, research objectives, results, and conclusions.  
B:Research objectives, methods, results, and conclusions.  
C:Results, research objectives, methods, and conclusions.  
D:Conclusions, research objectives, methods, and results.  
答案: 【Research objectives, methods, results, and conclusions.】

6、 问题:Which of the following statement about abstract is NOT true?  
选项：  
A:An abstract must consist of five central parts: background, problem, methods, results, and conclusions.  
B:The proportion of the abstract taken by each part varies considerably.  
C:If the paper is about a new method or apparatus it may include its advantages.  
D:An abstract could represent the quantitative and qualitative information and its reasoning.  
答案: 【An abstract must consist of five central parts: background, problem, methods, results, and conclusions.】

7、 问题:What should you do in the background part of an abstract?  
选项：  
A:Identify the particular research problem under investigation.  
B:Briefly set up the context to the study, its rationale and significance.  
C:Specify the domain of the study.  
D:All of the above.  
答案: 【Briefly set up the context to the study, its rationale and significance.】

8、 问题:When you identify the particular research problem under investigation, you could mention **_\__**\_.  
选项：  
A:the purpose of the study  
B:the specific research objective  
C:the research hypothesis  
D:All of the above.  
答案: 【All of the above.】

9、 问题:When you provide the results of your research, you can  **_\__**\_.  
选项：  
A:use vague language and numbers  
B:present the major findings concisely  
C:use the terms such as “most” or “some”  
D:All of the above.  
答案: 【present the major findings concisely】

10、 问题:When you outline the method to investigate the problem, you can describe \_\_\_\_\_\_.  
选项：  
A:the extent of the study  
B:what you did or measured  
C:how you did it  
D:All of the above  
答案: 【All of the above】

11、 问题:Which of the following statement about the conclusion is NOT true?  
选项：  
A:Your results cannot be replicated due to a specific condition.  
B:Your results may be potentially generalizable.  
C:Your results can be specific to a particular case.  
D:Your results can be general.  
答案: 【Your results cannot be replicated due to a specific condition.】

12、 问题:What is NOT the function of an abstract?  
选项：  
A:It communicates the scope of your paper and the topic discussed.  
B:It helps scientists to locate materials that are relevant to their research.  
C:It leaves much room for readers to guess and read your paper.  
D:None of the above.  
答案: 【It leaves much room for readers to guess and read your paper.】

13、 问题:What is the function of an abstract?  
选项：  
A:A screening device of documents.  
B:A helpful preview.  
C:facilitate indexing.  
D:All of the above.  
答案: 【All of the above.】

14、 问题:Which one is NOT the key quality of an abstract?  
选项：  
A:Accuracy  
B:Brevity  
C:Subjectivity  
D:Specificity  
答案: 【Subjectivity】

15、 问题:Which of the following statement about an indicative abstract is true?  
选项：  
A:An indicative abstract needs to be longer than several sentences for it must adequately summarize all of the information.  
B:An indicative abstract merely includes information about the purpose, scope and methods used to arrive at the findings available.  
C:An indicative abstract indicates the subject and the main findings of the paper and goes into a detailed step-by-step account of the process involved.  
D:An indicative abstract is often used in theoretical papers, commentary articles, and in some circumstances, conference proceedings.  
答案: 【An indicative abstract merely includes information about the purpose, scope and methods used to arrive at the findings available. 】

16、 问题:Which of the following statement about an informative abstract is NOT true?  
选项：  
A:An informative abstract includes the results, conclusions, and recommendations, apart from the information about the purpose, scope, and methods used.  
B:An informative abstract is self-contained, offering the reader the key points with specific quantity and quality, giving the main data, specific results and methods.  
C:An informative abstract can refer to charts, diagrams or tables, and cite sources or materials used.  
D:An informative abstract is often used in writing texts describing experimental work, documents centered upon one theme, and papers for an international conference.  
答案: 【An informative abstract can refer to charts, diagrams or tables, and cite sources or materials used.】

17、 问题:What are the three types of an abstract?  
选项：  
A:An indicative abstract, an informative abstract and an indicative-informative abstract.  
B:An indicative abstract, a descriptive abstract, and an indicative-informative abstract.  
C:An indicative abstract, a descriptive abstract, and an informative abstract.  
D:None of the above.  
答案: 【An indicative abstract, an informative abstract and an indicative-informative abstract.】

18、 问题:What might be the characteristics of abstracts for academic degrees?  
选项：  
A:Abstracts for academic degrees involve the most essential information, including research background, research purpose, methods, results, and conclusions.  
B:Abstracts for academic degrees can be viewed as an extended form of abstract, combining the content of indicative abstract and that of informative abstract.  
C:Abstracts for academic degrees should provide sufficient information so as to allow a person to decide whether to read the thesis itself or not.  
D:All of the above.  
答案: 【All of the above.】

19、 问题:As one of the central qualities of abstracts, what does “independency” mean?  
选项：  
A: It must make reference to any tables or figures in the paper.  
B:It may stand independently and make sense without reference to the main text.  
C:It must choose the exact words needed to get a precise meaning.  
D:It must provide readers with a brief preview of the present study.  
答案: 【It may stand independently and make sense without reference to the main text.】

20、 问题:Which one of the following statement is NOT correct as a useful guideline of abstract writing?  
选项：  
A:Do not go into detail about one specific method used.  
B:Give information only once even if it is of vital importance.  
C:There can be some comment or evaluation of the paper.  
D:Organize the information in the way that will be most useful to the reader.  
答案: 【There can be some comment or evaluation of the paper.】

21、 问题:The following items can differentiate summary from abstract  except for \_\_\_\_\_?  
选项：  
A:Purpose  
B:Point of view  
C:Strength of claim  
D:Relation to document  
答案: 【Strength of claim】

22、 问题:Which of the following statement is correct about the summary?  
选项：  
A:A summary should not contain any interpretation or personal comment.  
B:A summary should represent the essential point of the article.  
C:A summary is very effective to conclude a document.  
D:All of the above.  
答案: 【All of the above.】

23、 问题:Before you write a summary, it is wise to **_\__**?  
选项：  
A:Get the gist of the article by careful reading.  
B:Give a title to the summary of the article.  
C:Decide which part of the article can be omitted.  
D:Recite all the main points of the article.  
答案: 【Get the gist of the article by careful reading.】

24、 问题:Which of the following statement about writing a summary is correct?  
选项：  
A:All the main points should be included in the summary.  
B:All the examples should be removed from the summary.  
C:All the repetitions should be eliminated.  
D:The main points of a dialogue should be presented in direct speech.  
答案: 【All the repetitions should be eliminated.】

25、 问题:Most summaries start with a sentence containing the source and the main idea. Which of the following sentence is not appropriate to be used as the first sentence in the summary.  
选项：  
A:In Debbie Dean’s article “Bats,” we learn that in contrast to some mistaken beliefs, bats are not blind rodents that usually have rabies. They have sight, are mammals, and are not especially likely to carry rabies. Bats are not relatively misunderstood and unappreciated.  
B:According to Debbie Dean in her article “Bats,” in contrast to some mistaken beliefs, bats are not blind rodents that usually have rabies. They have sight, are mammals, and are not especially likely to carry rabies. Bats are not relatively misunderstood and unappreciated.  
C:Debbie Dean’s article “Bats” discusses some mistaken beliefs about bats. They are not blind rodents that usually have rabies. They have sight, are mammals, and are not especially likely to carry rabies. Bats are not relatively misunderstood and unappreciated.  
D:In contrast to some mistaken beliefs, Debbie Dean, in her article claims that bats are not blind rodents that usually have rabies. They have sight, are mammals, and are not especially likely to carry rabies. Bats are not relatively misunderstood and unappreciated.  
答案: 【In contrast to some mistaken beliefs, Debbie Dean, in her article claims that bats are not blind rodents that usually have rabies. They have sight, are mammals, and are not especially likely to carry rabies. Bats are not relatively misunderstood and unappreciated.】

26、 问题:All sentences below are viewed as appropriate for the first sentence in a summary with the exception of \_\_\_\_\_?  
选项：  
A:Marcia Barinaga in her article “Is There a Female Style in Science?” mentions that men and women exhibit difference in the way they pursue science.  
B:Marcia Barinaga in her article “Is There a Female Style in Science?” alleges that men and women exhibit difference in the way they pursue science.  
C:Marcia Barinaga in her article “Is There a Female Style in Science?” assumes that men and women exhibit difference in the way they pursue science.  
D:Marcia Barinaga in her article “Is There a Female Style in Science?” maintains that men and women exhibit difference in the way they pursue science.  
答案: 【Marcia Barinaga in her article “Is There a Female Style in Science?” mentions that men and women exhibit difference in the way they pursue science.】

27、 问题:Can you identify the evaluative verb in the following words?  
选项：  
A:claim  
B:argue  
C:assert  
D:present  
答案: 【assert】

28、 问题:Where can we spot the information source in a summary?  
选项：  
A:at the beginning  
B:in the middle  
C:at the end  
D:anywhere  
答案: 【anywhere】

29、 问题:When you write a longer summary, make sure to use the author’s **_\__**\_\_ in the middle or in the end.  
选项：  
A:full name  
B:surname  
C:first name  
D:title  
答案: 【surname】

30、 问题:Which statement about writing a summary is INCORRECT?  
选项：  
A:It is important to give the information source of the article in the first sentence.  
B:All the supporting details should be omitted in the summary.  
C:Any personal opinions about the authors’ ideas should be excluded in the summary.  
D:The emphasis and proportion of the article should be preserved as much as possible.  
答案: 【All the supporting details should be omitted in the summary.】

31、 问题:Which of the following statements is correct about summary?  
选项：  
A:The gist of the article is excluded in a summary.  
B:The gist of the article is included in a summary.  
C:Interpretations and comments are used in a summary.  
D:No details can be used in a summary.  
答案: 【The gist of the article is included in a summary.】

32、 问题:Which of the following statements is NOT correct about plagiarism?  
选项：  
A:Stealing and using the ideas and writings of another person as one’s own is    regarded as plagiarism.  
B:Appropriating passages or ideas from another person and using them as    one’s own is regarded as plagiarism.  
C:Not crediting other’s idea within or at the end of one’s paper is regarded as plagiarism.  
D:Rewriting others’ ideas in one’s own words is regarded as plagiarism.  
答案: 【Rewriting others’ ideas in one’s own words is regarded as plagiarism. 】

33、 问题:Summary writing is necessary for professionals such as **_\__**\_\_.  
选项：  
A:scientists  
B:businessmen  
C:lawyers  
D:all of the above.  
答案: 【all of the above.】

## 第六周 第六周测验

1、 问题:What question does a thesis statement answer?  
选项：  
A:Why does the author compose this essay?  
B:What position will  the author argue?  
C:What organizational pattern will you present your article?  
D:What and how will you argue in the article?  
答案: 【What and how will you argue in the article?】

2、 问题:What function does meta-discourse serve in composing an essay?  
选项：  
A:To guide the reader through the text.  
B:To mark the structure of a discourse.  
C:To engage the reader.  
D:All of the above.  
答案: 【All of the above.】

3、 问题:What are not included in interactive resource?  
选项：  
A:attitude markers  
B:transitions  
C:code glosses  
D:frame markers  
答案: 【attitude markers】

4、 问题:What are not included in interactional resource?  
选项：  
A:Attitude markers  
B:engagement markers  
C:endophoric markers  
D:boosters  
答案: 【endophoric markers】

5、 问题:What function does Code Glosses (CG) serve in the writing?  
选项：  
A:To express semantic relation between main clauses.  
B:To help readers grasp functions of ideational material.  
C:To refer to the sequences or discourse acts.  
D:To refer to source of information from other texts.  
答案: 【To help readers grasp functions of ideational material.】

6、 问题:Which one of the following phrases is Frame Marker (FM) ?  
选项：  
A:as a result  
B:in the first place  
C:in addition  
D: in other words  
答案: 【in the first place】

7、 问题:What can Booster Markers (BM) do in writing an essay?  
选项：  
A:To withhold writer’s full commitment to proposition.  
B:To express writer’s attitude to a proposition.  
C:To emphasize force or writer’s certainty in a proposition.  
D:To build relationship with the reader.  
答案: 【To emphasize force or writer’s certainty in a proposition.】

8、 问题:What function does the interactional meta-discourse serve in composing an essay?  
选项：  
A:To better understand the discourse.  
B:To engage the reader.  
C:To evaluate the content of discourse.  
D:All of the above.  
答案: 【All of the above.】

9、 问题:Which one of the following phrases is Endophoric Maker (EnM) ?  
选项：  
A:as mentioned above  
B:to conclude  
C:such as  
D:according to  
答案: 【as mentioned above】

10、 问题:Which one of the following phrases is Evidential Maker (EvM) ?  
选项：  
A:From the perspective of  
B:noted above  
C:as a result  
D:in other words  
答案: 【From the perspective of 】

11、 问题:What can readers expect the writer to do in an informative writing?  
选项：  
A:To define a complex term.  
B:To teach readers how to solve a problem.  
C:To explain something most readers don’t know.  
D:All of the above.  
答案: 【All of the above.】

12、 问题:What can an informative writing help readers to do?  
选项：  
A:To know the latest development in relation to a topic.  
B:To compare and contrast opposing viewpoints.  
C:To analyze a cause-effect relationship.  
D:All of the above.  
答案: 【All of the above.】

13、 问题:Given that you are about to write an informative writing, what should you NOT do?  
选项：  
A:You need to take a subject and open it up.  
B:You need to disseminate information clearly and accurately.  
C:You need to argue or persuade readers on a given topic.  
D:You need to inform readers of a fact and related information.  
答案: 【You need to argue or persuade readers on a given topic.】

14、 问题:What style is the informative writing?  
选项：  
A:exposition  
B:narration  
C:argumentation  
D:analysis  
答案: 【exposition】

15、 问题:What is the aim of informative writing?  
选项：  
A:dissemination  
B:argumentation  
C:persuasion  
D:analysis  
答案: 【dissemination】

16、 问题:What is the tone of informative writing?  
选项：  
A:narrative  
B:declarative  
C:argumentative  
D:persuasive  
答案: 【declarative】

17、 问题:How to conclude an informative essay?  
选项：  
A: Bring new information to the readers.  
B:Raise many questions for the readers to consider.  
C:Summarize the knowledge you shared in the essay.   
D:All of the above.  
答案: 【Summarize the knowledge you shared in the essay.  】

18、 问题: What technique do writers usually use at the beginning of an informative essay?  
选项：  
A:description  
B:definition  
C:cause and effect  
D:comparison and contrast  
答案: 【definition】

19、 问题:The emphasis of an informative essay is placed on the following items with the exception of \_\_\_\_\_\_.  
选项：  
A:factuality  
B:a nice surprise  
C:comprehensive treatment  
D:emotional appeal  
答案: 【emotional appeal】

20、 问题:What technique is widely used for personal experience in an informative essay that illustrates or introduces the topic of the essay?  
选项：  
A:definition  
B:description  
C:narration  
D:comparison and contrast  
答案: 【narration】

21、 问题:What might be an essential move for an exploratory writing?  
选项：  
A:The writer identifies a problem, considers a possible solution, and explores its strengths and weakness, and then moves on to consider another possible solution. The writer resists settling too soon on a thesis.  
B:The writer identifies a problem, explores its strengths and weakness, and considers a possible solution, and then moves on to consider another possible solution. The writer resists settling too soon on a thesis.  
C:The writer identifies a problem, considers a possible solution, and explores its strengths and weakness, and then moves on to consider another possible solution. The writer tries to settle a closure soon.  
D:The writer identifies a problem, explores its strengths and weakness, and considers a possible solution, and then moves on to consider another possible solution. The writer tries to settle a closure soon.  
答案: 【The writer identifies a problem, considers a possible solution, and explores its strengths and weakness, and then moves on to consider another possible solution. The writer resists settling too soon on a thesis.】

22、 问题:Which of the following statement about exploratory writing is NOT true?  
选项：  
A:The name presupposes that you pass through unknown territory and should find your own way in it.  
B:It is to conduct inquiry into a topic, gather information, and share that information with readers.  
C:In essence it is retrospective writing and a thinking process that allows you to work through a problem.  
D:You do not need to be introspective and think about your thinking process, and your essay can turn out well.  
答案: 【You do not need to be introspective and think about your thinking process, and your essay can turn out well.】

23、 问题:The emphasis of exploratory writing is placed on discovery and tentative words are used. Different questions can be asked, and the tone may be humorous. Although **_\__** _and **_\__**_ words may be used, **_\__** _and **_\__**_ expressions are to be avoided.  
选项：  
A: emotional, colloquial, suggestive, regional  
B:emotional, colloquial, regional, suggestive  
C:emotional, suggestive, colloquial, regional  
D:emotional, regional, suggestive, colloquial  
答案: 【emotional, suggestive, colloquial, regional】

24、 问题:What could be included in the body paragraphs of an exploratory writing?  
选项：  
A: introduction of source and why you chose to use it in your exploration  
B:important information in relation to the problem  
C:some personal introspection on how the source led you in a new direction  
D:All of the above.  
答案: 【All of the above.】

25、 问题:What may NOT be included in a conclusion of an exploratory writing?  
选项：  
A:Restate the problem you explored.  
B:Form a transition into your next source.  
C:Highlight some possible solutions.  
D:Discuss the questions about the problem.  
答案: 【Form a transition into your next source.】

26、 问题:The style of an exploratory writing is **_\__**_, the aim is **_\__**_, and the subject may be unknown **_\__**_, and it emphasizes on inquiry**_\__**_.  
选项：  
A: exploration, territory, process, discovery  
B:discovery, exploration, territory, process  
C:territory, discovery, exploration, process  
D:process, discovery, exploration, territory  
答案: 【discovery, exploration, territory, process】

27、 问题:In an exploratory writing, a problem **_\__** _or a question **_\__**_ should be raised.  
选项：  
A:unsettled, unanswered  
B:settled, unanswered  
C:unsettled, answered  
D:settled, answered  
答案: 【unsettled, unanswered】

28、 问题:When writing an exploratory essay, the writer needs to trace various **_\__\_, and summarize previous** **_\_ concisely and informatively. In this case, the writer needs to show_** **_\__ and** \_\_\_\_\_\_ for others.  
选项：  
A:studies, avenues, politeness, consideration  
B:studies, avenues, consideration, questions  
C:avenues, studies, politeness, consideration  
D:avenues, studies, consideration, questions  
答案: 【avenues, studies, politeness, consideration】

29、 问题:Which of the following statements is NOT true about an exploratory writing?  
选项：  
A:Caution must be exercised while making claims to avoid imposition on readers.  
B:More questions or further hypotheses need to be formulated for future exploration.  
C:Tentative words may not be used even when exploring the problem or question.  
D:Claims should be expected with precision and humility.  
答案: 【Tentative words may not be used even when exploring the problem or question.】

30、 问题:What is the role of “hedging”?  
选项：  
A:It allows writers to express a perspective on their statement.  
B:It allows writers to present unproven claims with caution.  
C:It allows writers to enter a dialogue with their audience.  
D:All of the above.  
答案: 【All of the above.】

## 第七周 第七周测验

1、 问题:Which of the following statement about an argumentative writing is NOT true?  
选项：  
A:In an argumentative writing, you should state a clear point of view.  
B:In an argumentative writing, you should offer evidence to support the thesis.  
C:In an argumentative writing, you should back up your view with evidence.  
D:In an argumentative writing, you should not argue your point of view.  
答案: 【In an argumentative writing, you should not argue your point of view.】

2、 问题:Which of the following statement about persuasive and argumentative writing is true?  
选项：  
A:Unlike persuasive writing, an argumentative essay is more concerned with beliefs than with behaviours.  
B:Unlike argumentative writing, a persuasive essay is more concerned with beliefs than with behaviours.  
C:Unlike argumentative writing, a persuasive essay must establish a clear thesis and follow sound reasoning.  
D:Unlike persuasive writing, an argumentative essay does not need to establish a clear thesis and follow sound reasoning.  
答案: 【Unlike persuasive writing, an argumentative essay is more concerned with beliefs than with behaviours.】

3、 问题:How to organize an argumentative writing?I. List the reasons others might have to support the opposite side of the issue. II. List the reasons you have for this topicIII. Select a controversial or debatable topic.  
选项：  
A:I, II, III  
B:III, II, I  
C:II, I, III  
D:III, I, II  
答案: 【III, II, I】

4、 问题:What should you do in the introduction part of an argumentative writing?  
选项：  
A:Identify the issue clearly.  
B:Create interest on the part of the reader.  
C:Ask a provocative question or challenging a popular belief.  
D:All of the above.  
答案: 【All of the above.】

5、 问题:How to make your argument coherence?  
选项：  
A:Quote authoritative sources.  
B:Use detailed examples.  
C:Use transitions  
D:Provide facts.  
答案: 【Use transitions】

6、 问题:In conclusion, you need to summarize main points and the refutation of opponents’ argument, but be careful not to repeat them verbatim. What does the word “verbatim” mean?  
选项：  
A:Word for word.  
B:Phrase for phrase.  
C:Sentence for sentence.  
D:None of the above.  
答案: 【Word for word.】

7、 问题:Syllogism is a famous logical sequence that is developed by the Greek philosopher Aristotle. What is his most famous syllogism?  
选项：  
A:Premise 1: Socrates is a man.  Premise 2: All men are mortal.  Conclusion: Therefore, Socrates is mortal.  
B:Premise 1: All men are mortal.  Premise 2: Socrates is a man.  Conclusion: Therefore, Socrates is mortal.  
C:Premise 1: Socrates is mortal.  Premise 2: Socrates is a man.  Conclusion: Therefore, all men are mortal.  
D:None of the above.  
答案: 【Premise 1: All men are mortal.  Premise 2: Socrates is a man.  Conclusion: Therefore, Socrates is mortal.】

8、 问题:Which argument is made based on our common sense?I. People have the right to be free II. Everyone should look out for their own self-interests.  
选项：  
A:Only I.  
B:Only II.  
C:Both I and II.  
D:None of the above.  
答案: 【Both I and II.】

9、 问题:Why could we include the counterclaim in an argumentative writing?  
选项：  
A:To find common ground with more of your readers.  
B:To be knowledgeable about the entirety of the debate.  
C:To show that you are unbiased or well-informed.  
D:All of the above.  
答案: 【All of the above.】

10、 问题:What does the word “warrant” mean in the Toulmin method?  
选项：  
A:It refers to the explanation of why or how the data supports the claim, the underlying assumption that connects your data to your claim.  
B:It refers to the evidence that negates or disagrees with the counterclaim.  
C:It refers to the additional logic or reasoning that may be necessary to support the rebuttal.  
D:It refers to the overall thesis the writer will argue for and the evidence gathered to support the claim.  
答案: 【It refers to the explanation of why or how the data supports the claim, the underlying assumption that connects your data to your claim.】

11、 问题:According to Aristotle, the Greek philosopher, there are three basic ways to persuade your audience: **_\__** _(the ethical appeal that is based on the character, credibility, or reliability of the writer), **_\__**_ (the appeal to reason that relies on logic), and **_\__**\_ (the emotional appeal to the needs, values, and emotional sensibilities of your readers).  
选项：  
A:logos, ethos, pathos  
B:ethos, logos, pathos  
C:pathos, logos, ethos  
D:pathos, ethos, logos  
答案: 【ethos, logos, pathos】

12、 问题:Which of the following rules can NOT be used to establish your good character and credibility as an author?  
选项：  
A:Use only credible, reliable sources to build your argument and cite the sources properly.  
B:Establish common ground with your audience by acknowledging values and beliefs shared by those on both sides of the argument.  
C:Believe that logical flaws cannot be avoided for everybody might make mistakes.  
D:Respect the reader by stating the opposing position accurately.  
答案: 【Believe that logical flaws cannot be avoided for everybody might make mistakes. 】

13、 问题:Which of the following statements about reasoning is true?  
选项：  
A:Inductive reasoning takes specific representative cases or facts and then draws generalizations or conclusions from them.  
B:Deductive reasoning takes specific representative cases or facts and then draws generalizations or conclusions from them.  
C:Inductive reasoning begins with a generalization and then applies it to a specific case.  
D:Deductive reasoning is based on a sufficient amount of reliable evidence.  
答案: 【Inductive reasoning takes specific representative cases or facts and then draws generalizations or conclusions from them.】

14、 问题:Emotional appeals such as interviews and individual stories can NOT be used **_\__**\_.  
选项：  
A:if it truly supports the claim you are making  
B:to paint a more legitimate and moving picture of reality  
C:to illuminate the truth  
D:as a way to distract from the real issues of debate  
答案: 【as a way to distract from the real issues of debate】

15、 问题:Both **_\__** _and **_\__**\_approaches can be used to organize your persuasive essay. In the **_\__**_ approach, you can state at the outset what your position is, then offers evidence to support that position; in the **_\__** _approach, you can offer evidence and try to lead the reader to a conclusion. A common practice is that if your audience is friendly to neutral, you should argue **_\__**_. If your audience is neutral to hostile, you should argue **_\__**\_.  
选项：  
A:inductive, deductive, inductive, deductive, inductively, deductively  
B:deductive, inductive, deductive, inductive, deductively, inductively  
C:inductive, deductive, deductive, inductive, inductively, deductively  
D:deductive, inductive, inductive, deductive, deductively, inductively  
答案: 【deductive, inductive, deductive, inductive, deductively, inductively】

16、 问题:Which of the following order could be proper for a persuasive writing?  
选项：  
A:Create a strong thesis statement that presents your topic to the reader, provide your opinion on that topic, and summarize the argument you’ll make by offering evidence for your opinion.  
B:Provide your opinion on that topic to the reader, create a strong thesis statement that presents your topic to the reader, and summarize the argument you’ll make by offering evidence for your opinion.  
C:Summarize the argument you’ll make by offering evidence for your opinion, create a strong thesis statement that presents your topic to the reader, and provide your opinion on that topic.  
D:Summarize the argument you’ll make by offering evidence for your opinion, provide your opinion on that topic, and create a strong thesis statement that presents your topic to the reader.  
答案: 【Create a strong thesis statement that presents your topic to the reader, provide your opinion on that topic, and summarize the argument you’ll make by offering evidence for your opinion.】

17、 问题:Which of the following statements about a persuasive writing is NOT true?  
选项：  
A:An effective opening sentence can grab the attention of your readers.  
B:The thesis statement should indicate “how” and “why.”  
C:Evidence that refutes the argument of opponents should not be included.  
D:Evidence can be included to give more credibility as a persuasive writer.  
答案: 【Evidence that refutes the argument of opponents should not be included.】

18、 问题:What can be used in a persuasive writing?  
选项：  
A:Emotional and suggestive words.  
B:Superlatives and strong verbs.  
C:The current social, political, or religious myth.  
D:All of the above.  
答案: 【All of the above.】

19、 问题:An effective persuasive writing should include **_\__**\_.  
选项：  
A:a strong introduction  
B:well-organized body paragraphs  
C:an insightful conclusion  
D:All of the above.  
答案: 【All of the above.】

20、 问题:Whenever possible, each reason in an argument should be supported by some kind of evidence, and what can be considered as evidence?  
选项：  
A:facts or statistics  
B:examples or incidents  
C:quotations from expert  
D:All of the above.  
答案: 【All of the above.】